# Minutes of the Meeting - May 04

Members Present:  [@jikkujose][jikku], [@deepusnath][deepu], [@technikhil][technikhil], [@rejahrehim][rejah], Nandu Sankar, [@amalshehu][amal], [@jeswinsimon][jeswin], [@vbvaisakh][vaisakh]
[@nikhilchandran][nikhilchandran]


Public speaking and tech sessions
- Workshops 
    
    Bitcoin workshop - the users would be walked through the setup of a node, a wallet - connect to a test net, generate some coins and then exchange coins with each other.

    Rust workshop - Setup, install and run a program built on Rust. 

- Booths

    Tilt Labs can setup an AR/VR booth.

- Need to decide national level speakers. NASSCOM will provide international level speakers. 
- Logistics will be handled by Startup mission
    - We would require a point of contact for logistics. 
- Speakers from Singularity University
    - Try for Peter Demandes and Ray Kurzweil (AI at Google)
    - Gert Mueller
- Tentative date 15th July
    - Need to check that date availability of the Al Saj venue
    - Backup use the Technopark Conference Hall - need to confirm availability of that as well. 
- Local Speakers list :
    - [@ponnappa][sidu] - GoJek , 
    - [@jasim_ab][jasim], 
    - [Aashik Salahudeen][aashik] , 
    - Anwar , 
    - Rishi , 
    - [@coderhs][hari] - Red Panthers
- Some other speaker ideas :
    - Robert C (Uncle Bob) Martin - Software Design
    - Bret Victor - The Future of Programming
    - Jessica Kerr - Functional Principles for Object Oriented Developers 
    - Martin Fowler - Microservices
    - Rich Hickey - Are we there yet? 
- Yet more speaker ideas : 
    - Christian Heilmann - Web Related 
    - Chad Fowler - Passionate Programmer 
- Privacy policy topic 
- Setting up of live stream?
    - Camera setup like edx
    - Hasgeek has done the AV for several conferences, some of which are not theirs - https://hasgeek.tv/
- Owasp speaker suggestion
- Bitcoin Testnet transaction wallet import and  sport
- Rest workshop Mozilla
- Quiz discussion
    - Need to finalize on a format. 
    - How many rounds do we need to have. 
    - Should there be online screening?
    - How technical should this be? 
- Google Amrit sajjev fire base
- Amp, rxjs ,reactive programming, 
- Signin party 
- PGP
- Tor 

## Topics

| General & Public                   | Technical                   |Workshop                                |
|:-----------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------------------------------------|
| Future: The next decade of change  | NASSCOM - Intl. Singularity | Bitcon testnet transaction wallet      |
| Surveillance / Privacy & Advocacy  | Sidu Ponnappa              | Rust - Mozilla                         |
| Open source in day to day          | Jasim                       | Key exchange party                     |
| State govt. Digital services       | Sherin Cleatus              | Booth [Signing party, Encryption, VR]  |
| Quiz                               | Rishi                        
| RTI / RTS                          | Hari Sankar - Red panthers
| Anivar                             | OWASP - Top 10 security vulnerabilities
|                                    | Google - Amrut Sanjeev
|                                    | AMP, PWA,Firebase
|                                    | [Reactive programming][reactive]
|                                    | Programming paradigms


[jikku]: https://github.com/jikkujose
[deepu]: https://github.com/deepusnath
[jeswin]: https://github.com/jeswinsimon
[rejah]: https://github.com/rejahrehim
[vaisakh]: https://github.com/bvaisakh
[jikku]: https://github.com/jikkujose
[technikhil]: https://twitter.com/technikhil
[amal]: https://github.com/amalshehu
[sidu]: https://twitter.com/ponnappa
[jasim]: https://twitter.com/jasim_ab
[aashik]: https://github.com/aashiks
[hari]: https://twitter.com/coderhs
[nikhilchandran]: https://twitter.com/nikhilchandran_
[reactive]: http://www.reactivemanifesto.org/